Mithril update 2025-05-14 (#595)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-05-14-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-05-14-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team advanced the DMQ node implementation by finalizing the delayer and retrier decorators to enable multiple signature publishers in the signer. They also implemented the signature consumer and processor in the aggregator to handle incoming signatures continuously.
> 
> The team re-implemented the GCP file uploader using a more robust library and addressed the cleanup of unexpected immutable files downloaded in snapshot archives.
> 
> Finally, they improved Cardano node restoration tests to ensure reliable restarts and continued refactoring the STM cryptographic library for better clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team advanced the DMQ node implementation by finalizing the delayer and retrier decorators, enabling support for multiple signature publishers in the signer. They also implemented the signature consumer and processor in the aggregator to handle incoming signatures continuously.

The team re-implemented the GCP file uploader using a more robust library and addressed the cleanup of unexpected immutable files downloaded in snapshot archives.

Finally, they improved Cardano node restoration tests to ensure reliable restarts and continued refactoring the STM cryptographic library for better clarity.
```
